this video is for comedy and
entertainment purposes only is that
meant to offend anyone No
hey everybody what's up this is Erica 20
and before I started this video I'd say
o'clock each and every one of you for
sure the fuck fuck you number one to the
people who have to pack and sheep just a
winner in all my game fuck you what the
fuck is your problem
oh shut up clapping themselves fuck you
that that that and that
hey papa connection talk a better
computer you think with all the new
technology available and the next
generation being such spoiled bitches
that people can at least afford
something better than that 56k modem
that they use
useless bullshit dammit where can we
ever escape bullshit fuck you number
seven
fuck you number eight gently cock bum
just shut the fuck up dumbass
it's okay to play online games for
sixteen hours straight
fuck you number eleven shut up bitch ass
fuck you the number twelve put Dan
seriously you've heard it a million
times it's just a game everyone who
plays games is a nerd take a break and
go outside and shit douche nozzles